and welcome to a new one
sequence of computer chips
today there is one again with us
notebook review from the toshiba
satellite 940 100 julian got that
whole in the last weeks and months
looked a little closer and
but some weak spots
found out
simple and slim as presented
the toshiba satellite ii 940 100
the smallest ultrabook litter his
series ultrabooks on a display size
of over 14 inches usually cost
a lot of money the 940 100 you get
but already from 590 euro
his field of application is quickly becoming clear
this ultrabook is for office
applications and intended for surfing
modern games were missing processor as well
graphics performance already in the all around
view, we notice dull is the new one
piano lacquer especially outstanding
on the other hand is the keyboard illumination
sounds like standard is in this
Price but an exception
However, our tester had considerable
Problems with writing on the
keyboard
that's not everyone's thing, too
built-in wireless display
interface for wireless connection
belonged to a tv or monitor
generally still to the rare functions
of notebooks two usb 3.0 ports 1 x usb
2.0 wlan lan bluetooth 4.0 hdmi and
Card readers complete the connections
next to the charging socket the hybrid memory
solution is almost at ultrabooks
normal
windows 8 is on the 500 gb hard drive
installed for fast boot
a 32 gb ssd to the side are effective
but read only 11 gb warm
Guys should be the fingers of this
let ultrabook
during our test on one
desk including notebook cooler
we had to protect the ultrabook
Switch off the technology several times as the
ssd went hot if the error at
samsung is located directly at toshiba
could not be resolved until the end of the test
become
In human beings, 3d mark 11 came that
Ultrabook just at 587 points
and are thus still clearly below the
today's standards of office pcs one
high end gaming pc beats these
20 times ultrabook that was it
from computer chips i hope you are
the next time again for
all those who have the notebook already
own applies write your time
experiences with the notebook in the
comments and all those who do that
not own yet write it
your impression of this notebook in
the comments would you like that
buy a notebook
otherwise if you like it applies
as always load loads easier
commentary i hope we see each other
also the next time again
bye bye
the